Allow Rails to provide timing data in browser dev-tools via Server-Timing header (#1771)
ViewComponent/view_component: docs/guide/instrumentation.md

# config/application.rb
# Enable ActiveSupport notifications for all ViewComponents
config.view_component.instrumentation_enabled = true

> config.view_component.instrumentation_use_deprecated_name = false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
config.view_component.use_deprecated_instrumentation_name = false
```

```

> Setting `instrumentation_use_deprecated_name` configures the event name used. If `false` the name `"render.view_component"` is used. If `true` (default) it will use the deprecated name `"!render.view_component"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting `use_deprecated_instrumentation_name` configures the event name used. If `false` the name `"render.view_component"` is used. If `true` (default) the deprecated `"!render.view_component"` will be used.
```

> You can then subscribe to the event:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subscribe to the event:
```

```ruby
ActiveSupport::Notifications.subscribe("render.view_component") do |*args| # or !render.view_component
  event = ActiveSupport::Notifications::Event.new(*args)
  event.name    # => "render.view_component"
  event.payload # => { name: "MyComponent", identifier: "/Users/mona/project/app/components/my_component.rb" }
end
```

> When using `render.view_component` with `config.server_timing = true` (default in development) in Rails 7, the Chrome developer tools display the sum total timing information in Network > Timing under the key `render.view_component`.

Author: Not important but: specifying Chrome here is perhaps a little "chrome-centric".  The feature works nearly the same in FF, Safari, Edge and Opera.  The screenshot in the PR is from FF 113 IIRC.

Reviewer 2: Is there anyway you can add Firefox and safari instructions

Author: They are nearly identical aside from coloration, so I don't think it's necessary.  

1. Network tab (refresh if its empty)
2. Click the request you're interested in.
3. on the right-side OR the bottom-side (depends on size of the dev-tools area) you'll see several tabs for that request; choose "Timing" **or "Timings" (in FF)**
4. Look for server timings at the bottom beneath the client-side data.

Biggest caveats with Server-Timings in general:
* It's not provided for every request.  Normal MVC rails controllers in development mode will provide it (it's a middleware) - but assets won't.  In production you won't see it without enabling it in production.rb.
* It does not give you the level of detail (or cross-request metrics) you can get from a product like Skylight or New Relic.  I'd suggest using it for quick-checks mainly, e.g.: "huh active record is crazy on this one, maybe I should take a look at my queries."
* Does not exist prior to Rails 7.

![timings](https://github.com/ViewComponent/view_component/assets/1916144/6222780c-c834-48a3-a06b-c34fec99c7d6)
From top-left going clockwise: Chrome, Firefox, Safari.  You can see its pretty much the same.

Reviewer: How about we just say "browser here"? Perhaps we should add this screenshot to the docs?

> When using `render.view_component` with `config.server_timing = true` (default in development) in Rails 7, the Chrome developer tools display the sum total timing information in Network > Timing under the key `render.view_component`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `render.view_component` with `config.server_timing = true` (default in development) in Rails 7, the browser developer tools display the sum total timing information in Network > Timing under the key `render.view_component`.
```

> If you're using the non-deprecated key & have `config.server_timing = true` (default in development) set in Rails 7, you can see sum total timing information in your browser's developer-tools. Find the request on the Network tab and view it's "timing" sub-tab. On most browsers server results are shown beneath the client-side data. Look for the key `render.view_component`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using `render.view_component` with `config.server_timing = true` (default in development) in Rails 7, the Chrome developer tools display the sum total timing information in Network > Timing under the key `render.view_component`.
```
